all right.
The next thing we want to do is when her request comes in,
we want to figure out which HDP method the user is requesting.
If you think back to the requirements of this AP,
I remember,
we want to allow the requests methods of post get put and elite.
And we also want to allow head,
which all talk about more.
But for now,
we just need to figure out and log out what the actual method is.
So underneath,
getting the path.
But before we send the response or log,
their requests were going to get the http method.
All right.
Now,
how are we going to do that?
Luckily,
the method is one of the objects available on this request object.
Remember that this request object is new for every single incoming request.
So what we're going to do is say that far method equals wreck dot method,
But for us,
we want to be really careful with capitalization for reasons we're going to later.
And so let's just push everything down,
Teoh.
Lower case for now.
That's gonna be the method.
Teoh,
make sure that we're getting it.
Let's go ahead and modify what were logging out say that the request received on this path
with this method.
So now when the request comes in,
it'll log out both the path and the method.
Let's go ahead and start the application and clear out this curl terminal and send a new
Carl.
You can see that it was received with get by default.
This Carl application is just sending a get request.
And for us that get is pushed down to lower case.
You could just as easily push everything upto upper case to make sure that it is always
capitalized.
But whatever you do,
just make sure that you're consistent about it.
Okay,
So that is really simply how you get the method from an incoming http request.
Now we're going to move on to the next section.